Docs: Adds best practices after visit and a link back to e2e.md (#21117)
grafana/grafana: packages/grafana-e2e/README.md

> **@grafana/e2e is currently in ALPHA**. Core API is unstable and can be a subject of breaking changes!

> This package contains a small wrapper built on top of Cypress that simplifies creating e2e tests for Grafana. More information can be found [here](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/master/contribute/style-guides/e2e.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package contains an API wrapper built on top of [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io) that simplifies creating end-to-end tests for Grafana. More information can be found [here](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/master/contribute/style-guides/e2e.md).
```
